# Entry 6:MVP Of My Freedom Project Website (Not Beyond MVP)
##### 5/5/25
# Context As Usual
Base on the last entry; 5 in that entry I included how I tinker with my Aframe tool. As for this blog, I want to dive in on how I created my website for Freedom Project for MVP(Mininum Viable Product). And yea that's basically all for the context. Just do note that this entry may get a little bit of lengthy depending on how much information I put, but I do want to keep this entry short as possible.So, I guess sit back and relax?..
#Part 1
# Engieering Design Process
As for this entry, I wanna still say that I'm more leaning towards the creating type. The reason is because, if you don't know the whole reason that we're even doing a website for Freedom Project is for the FP fair thats upcoming. And since I create an website, that is MVP I think its pretty decent. I wouldn't say its super good, because there are still bugs, organization stuff I have to fix and etc. But I defeintely want to shift towards away from the planning side. And lean towards more of creating. And hopefully by next entry I'll be on testing for my <em>Beyond MVP</em> website.
# Skills
### The ability to use HTML codes, CSS, and other outside resources like bootstrap to strengthen your website
I consider this skill easily one of the most important skill because, without the use of the knowledge of basic html code and css codes, many of the website's element won't be possible. The ability to also use outside code source like bootstrap is also important because, you don't want your website to look plain and boring and old right? That's when bootstrap comes in to play. Think of bootstrap as an upgrade to your website. Not only does bootstrap have highly advanced component that you can fit into your website, it makes your website looks a whole lot more modernized. And let me be honest, getting an bootstrap code from the bootstrap website isn't hard at all. All you have to do is copy the code, unless you want to create the code yourself, and paste it into your html. And then from there on you just change/add stuff you need into the bootstrap. It's just that simple.
### Design/Planning/Wireframe of your website
I think this is also an important skill, the reason being that, some people may think that you do not need an overall layout or an planning of what your website is going to be look like, and where the content is going to be, but in reality you NEED an overall gist, whether it be wireframe, planning of your website before you ACTUALLY start coding your website. Not only does planning and making an wireframe makes your life more easier, it also makes it so that its more organized. Because you do not want to procreasnated when you are coding, and wondering to yourself "Where should I put this content? If I place it here then it won't fit, and it will collide with other section.." that would make you lose time instead of using them sufficently. Additionally, from my own personal experience speaking, in an non-bias and honest perspective, when our teacher told us before you start coding, "make an planning/wireframe FIRST" I honestly didn't even want to make one. Because I thought it would make me waste my time figuring one what goes where and where. But after I spend some time on writing and desinging my wireframe layout for my website. I finally realized how EASY it was. On the day of actually creating my website, all I had to do was just look at my planning and my wireframe then copy and paste my content into sections I planned how, without having to waste my time on thinking where to put them. Basically TLDR; don't go in blind to create an website, from scratch without an planning/wireframe layout of what your website is going to look like.
Text

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
