# Entry 2:Researches and in-depth explaination of hardwares and softwares based on my topic(Animation)
##### 11/4/24
<h1>Hardwares and Softwares that relates to my topic:Animations</h1>

### Softwares For Animations
Software that I found that relates to animation was an website or an app called "Adobe"
Now, now I know you may think "Hey, that's just an normal ordinary app/website! Whats so special that you, yourself have to dive deeper and gain more information and knowledge about the website? Well, to answer that question, I must first tell you all the details about the website first. And What specfically it provides. Firstly when I clicked into this website called [Adobe](https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/animation-software.html) it greets me with an cartoon kid's bears that in the middle stands out saying "Animtion Software from Adobe" My first impression of this was mixed between questionable and rather it was reliable or not, because I thought this was an kid's website for learning, but it isn't actually not. Just to add on to my first impressions, I noticed that this website is very smooth when scrolling and no typos made in any of the sections and writing. It's also very easy to understand this website's function. Like at the top white bar there is a section called "Creativity and Design" which then when you click on it, it brings down lot's of stuffs, like products, shopping for animation related stuff, and lastly plans and trials (which we will dive a little more deeper more further on, so for now let's stay on the surface of the website)Additionally, the adobe website gives us like an basic overview of how the software is going to work regarding for animations and how is it going to be animated. It is also splitted into each own section. If you scroll a little down you'll see the section where it saids "Make your Animation Move" and there it has 3 sections. I'll be elaborating the 3 sections. The first section including that, we can animate by using real life system, for example like our devics webcam and to trace the outlines. More [details about using webcam to animate](https://www.adobe.com/products/character-animator.html). The second section talks about how to add effects towards your animations, and how you can animate like pros, like those highly animated movies that requires great effort and work hours. More [details about the effect and improving your animation](https://www.adobe.com/products/animate.html). The third section covers about how to add afetereffects within your animations, like adding mind blowing effects, changing the scene's weather, logo's illustration and etc. More [amazing information about changing weather and aftereffects within your awesome prototype animation](https://www.adobe.com/products/aftereffects.html). Moving on, if you clicked on any of those links towards each section, you can see that each section has it's own bundle with its own amount of usuage, with the first section costing $59.99 USD a month, second section costing $22.99 USD a month, and third section also costing $22.99 a month. Even though I'm not sure if you can use this software without paying, the cost of the bundle might be worth it depending on what the usage is. Just to add, it seems that nowhere on this website, has an way to contact the website's owner, but there is an phone number at the very bottom saying "800-585-0774". This could be used for customer support probably. When you scroll towards the middle of the adobe page. You might noitced that there is another 3 section side by side of each other, each with their own label. The main label of the section being "Turn Aspiration into Animation".
There's a video for each of the 3 section provided.[Seeing how character animator](:https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/animation-software.html#discover-card-character-animator )[Animating](https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/animation-software.html#discover-card-after-effects-and-photoshop).(The third link will not be provided because due to unsafe popup when clicked on the link so it might not be safe for the uesr.) Overall, this seems kind of safe and reliable, in my opinion but in order to be access to some of the perks, you have to pay for them, so this website may not be your top choice, if you really want to animate without having to spend a dime at all. One last thing, the color and the layout of the website is very layed out and is able to catch someone's attention really quickly.
### Hardwares For Animations
Some hardwares I've found for my topic "animations" were Zoetrope, and an drawing tablet. First, I've dive deeper into Zoetrope, then into the drawing tablet. Not sure if you've heard the name Zoetrope before, but it's an old method of animating, without having to use modern technologies and any mechanical parts. This was an device people used back in the 1800s and the 1900s to illstruate images, that would look like it's in motion mode. First glance, of this Zoetrope device, it looks like an table but isn't flat, but instead it's circle shape like an coloseeum with lot's of images and illstruation pictured filled inside it. The main purpose of this device was to illusions of motion because metioned before, back then people did not have advanced technologies and equipment to animate stuff in motion. Therefore, people created this device instead. It was first introduced back in the 1800s more specically somewhere around 1833s. It's said that "William George Horner" is one of the inventors of this device. How this device worked was that there are several different stripes of images and you would insert that stripe into the circle. Overall, the zoetrope devices seems very interesting and creative considering, it actually [mimics illusion of motions](https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/animation/discover/zoetrope-animation.html#:~:text=A%20zoetrope%20is%20a%20cylinder,the%20images%20from%20blurring%20together.).The next hardware was an drawing tablet device. At first glance it look like an ordinary drawing tablet to be honest, but it comes with an pen that can be interacted with the tablet, so that way the user does not have to use their hands all the time, and have fingerprints on them. The drawing tablet comes in different sizes, but mostly they are very big and expensive. It can also be connected to your computer devices, so that way it's easier to trace what you want to draw on another device. How the drawing tablet work is that there is a pen and an empty black pad for you to draw on, then whatever you draw and trace will be traced over to the next screen like having 2 seperate devices. Often devices like the drawnig tablet cost very expensive, thus the higher price it is listed, the higher quality the animation and the drawing will be.They're also called the [graphic tablet](https://www.xp-pen.com/blog/drawing-tablet-guide.html).
### What I Typed On Google to Get The Information I need
So basically, for me when I did researches about softwares for animation, when I typed in "Software for animations" the result shows me lot's of softwares that is usable for animation for example like, Adobe, Blender, Toonz and etc. However, I didn't just go clicking one by one and saying that "oh hey their all useable it doesn't matter which one is important". That's not the case, I clicked on each of the listed websited for animation, to see which seems reliable and is able to actually offer someone's attention for animation. However, I did do some revisions on what I typed before like, for example I'm specifcally interested about Adobe, so I searched up "Adobe animation software" and it brings me to straight to the software webpage when I click on it. So in times, you have to be more specifcally otherwise, you won't find the things you're looking for. For hardwares, I typed basically the same thing as software "Hardwares for animations" but I quickly revised that to "hardwares important and is used in animations" because if I don't be specifc then, the result won't be specfic as well.

### EDP (Enginering Design Process)
Currently, as of right now writing, blog 2 I am on probably, on steps 2-4, which is called, asking what the problem is, imaginging, and planning. As you may have seen, from blog 1 we already defined the problems that, many animations movie and animes get animated very late, because it is extremely time consuming and the animators have to be on point on there animations. Thus many gets delayed and postpone, meaning the problem is ulitamely how much time it consumes to animate with bare hands, and is there any ways of speeding up that process, and also it requires a huge production team and budget too so keep that in mind. As I research for hardwares and softwares I am currently also planning for way to animate in a style that is less time consuming, but at the same time higher quality and doesn't tire the whole production team. 
### Skills 
For blog 2 I felt like my skills defintely improved, but the skills still remained the same for blog 1 I felt like. But more enchanced and more improved. 
### Ability To Research Properlly
During this lessons, many of the tasks, were heavily focused on researching about your topic, what softwares relates to your topic/hardwares and how you can make sure that website is reliable. For example back then in normal computer science class, my teacher would ask me to research about "what makes up an computer" and then after I typed that prompt onto google, I would just randomly click and website and parahrase the facts stated on their. However that is unreliable, because who knows some website can contain wrong information and facts. Thus, now I learn not to randomly click website that pops up right after I searched my prompt, because who knows, the first website listed may not always be the correct or right one.
### Organization (Once Again)
I know, I know last blog I talked about organization as well, but this time it's more enchanced, what I mean is that I only talked about basic organization stuff,however, when I needs to take quick notes about something like coding from freecodecamp, I would always go to my "SEP 10 Notes" and insert it to my notes section, because it will be important for my later on freedom project, and would make life lot easier for me when I need to find certain notes. And like once again, the researches, I've done, I make them into bullet points listed the benefits and negatives and put them also into my SEP 10 Notes.
[Previous]
(entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
