# Entry 7: Result of the FP Website/Presentation and Elevator Pitch During The Expo
##### 5/26/25
# Context
Keeping the context short again: Alright, so this will be like a transition from blog 6 to blog 7, as for this blog, I'll be going over the result of my presentation during class, and explaning the feedbacks I got back from my teacher, and explaining what an elevator pitch is and using that during my presentation during the expo towards other people.
# Content/Presentation/Feedbacks
So, as for my presentation I wouldn't consider anything too special. But the content for this part might be a little short. Basically I went up there and presented like all other people do. However for my hook I decided to make it more interesting by calling out one of my friend to ask him a question and let him reply. Everything seem fine, until he didn't replied what I needed, but I was fine, because it made the audience more engaged. My intro started with some GIFS of animated scenes, and then after all that I move on to explaning some components and products of my website, like accordion, cards, carousel and etc. Then I explained some of the code for each sections. And ended with an outro of "more imagination and less procesination." And after everyone presented the teacher gave us a grade. But before I tell you about what grade I got, you might think "You definitely got an 10/10 on the presentation section and the website section!." Techincally you're right on the website part but not the presentation part. I got an 8.5/10. I'll explain why. So to be honest, I got 8.5/10 for two silly reason. One of them was my outro was too vague. If you don't know what that means, it just means too broad and need more clarification. To be honest I should of explained why I said "more imagination and less proceisnation." Because when I finish presenting I had a gut feeling I screwded up on something. And the other silly mistake was, my code snippet picture in my slide was a little diffcult to see. Now I can see the reason why for this. In my slide I try to fit at least 4+ pictures in a slide, so its very cramped, all the images I imported was all squeezed size because I didn't know where I can fit them and I don't want to make the images 1 per slide because that will be too long, so that is kind of a mistake on my end. And that's basically all the feedbacks I got for my presentation. On the next section I will explain the transition to expo and what an elevator pitch is.
# Content Part 2/Elevator Pitch
After the normal in class presentation ended, our teacher told us that shortly in a day or so we will be having our SEP10 expo. Believe it or not but our in class presentation took around 3 weeks to finish, however it was due to some cirumstances that made it extended for this long. Anyways the expo was very interesting, because our teacher told us there was going to be senior judges for SEP to judge us base on our presentation, however it won't count towards the grade book so I was really relieved to be honest. And lastly our teacher told us to practice our elevator pitch. If you're not familiar with the idea of what an elevator pitch is,
and I quote from google "An elevator pitch is a concise, persuasive speech designed to quickly introduce a product, service, idea, or oneself in a short amount of time, typically lasting 30 to 60 seconds, similar to the length of an elevator ride." Now you might be wondering why did our teacher told us that we need to practice this? Well, it makes our introduction more precise and more engaging so when the judges come to see our presentation they aren't staying there for 10+ minutes and get bored easily. On the day of the expo, when we went to the lunch room, in the middle, there were already sheets telling us filled with instructions of what to do. If you're in different class, go left side, if you're on another class go right side. Basically the lunch room was split into 2 sides, but still 10th grade presentations. To be honest this was less stressful than the in class presentation in my opinion because, in the lunch room I'm in an more open area, and the judges aren't people I know so I guess I feel kind of more confident?? And also when we sat down for the expo, we are required to sit by our numbers from smallest to biggest. And the judges also go in that way. So when the judges came around to my table, I just told them my elevator pitch: "Hello!, I'm sure you watch tons of tv shows, including animes. However, do you really know what animations are? even though they are used in animes for fighting scenes? Well, don't be worry, because I made an website, using my tool Aframe, and using the codes of both HTML and CSS that contains informations all about animations. The main purpose and the focus of my website, is to educate people about animation, what animations is and what software, hardwares, and tool I used for animations, and making objects move. (Do a quick showcase and responsiveness check for my website) If you would like I could show you some quick code snippet of my website. (show them).  And for my future "Currently I don't have one in my mind right now, but all I can think of currently is an type of robotic tool that can help animators reduce the time they need to animate certan frames and scene, by using their own hand because it will tire them out." And that's basically all for my website for animations. If you have any questions please do ask, I would be happily to the best of my ability to respond to most of them! If you are curious of what that would look like <a href="https://xinyuc8645.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/?authuser=0" alongside with my website here</a> 
# Enigerring Designing Process
Alright, so pretty sure for the last blog, I mentioned that I hope that I'll be on the testing part of the EDP process, however I do not believe this is possible currently at the moment. If you are unaware as for me, SEP10 is coming to an wrap. This <strong><em>DOES NOT MEAN</strong></em> the class itself is ending (like no more), but just means that for the blogs it will be stopped here until the next new school year. So, therefore I think, I'm not ready to test anytime soon. Additionally, I don't have my own future design I have in mind right now, because during the expo when people asked me "what my future invention for animation will be?" I just told them "Currently I don't have one in my mind right now, but all I can think of currently is an type of robotic tool that can help animators reduce the time they need to animate certan frames and scene, by using their own hand because it will tire them out." So I think I need to do a little more research on my future invention for my topic of my animation. So in conclusion I'm going back a couple of steps to planning.

# Skills
### Basic Presentation Skills
When I say basic presentation skills I mean, the ability to make eye contact, speak clearly and presenting your presentation to the audience in a way,they feel entertained. Why might this be considered skills and important? Well, first theses are <strong>CORE</strong> basic presentation/communication skills. If you don't do any of them, there is an less likely chance anyone will be interested in your presentation and feel engaged. Secondly, speaking from my own experience, I myself don't like to make a lot of eye contact, except when I'm with my friends. When you make eye contact with someone, not only does it show respect but it also shows that your being more confident. If you don't make any, you'll just be stuck in an cave forever, and develop social anxiety. Speaking clearly is also an presentation/communcation skill because, if you speak so low, who is going to hear you right? If you speak loud and clear people can hear you and ask you questions towards the end. You might think speaking clearly, and not muttering seems not important, but it actually is because, during presentation in my class, sometimes the AC would go off, and sometimes people with muttered and low voice have to talk over that, which only does it make harder for the audience to listen to any information but also seems like if the presenter isn't talking at all. (Not to call anyone out) And lastly, making the your presentation feel more lively. This is extremely important because, you don't want to go up to infront of the whole class and say "hey this is my presentation" with like an boring tone. But instead make it so its engaging and can hook the audience into your presentation.
### Elevator Pitch
I consider elevator pitch an skill because, not only was this taught to us by our teacher during the expo. But it serves as an way in which to basically sum up your information within an short amount of time, instead of yapping for paragraphs and paragraphs and making the audience bored. Upon, further researching of "why elevator pitch is consider an skill and important" it is stated that, not only does it allow you to introduce your topic, and the information for your topic in an short time, but its also very consisted. Right now it may not seem useful for me, but I believe in the future it will.



[Previous](entry06.md) | [Next](entry08.md)

[Home](../README.md)
