# Entry 3:Part B For Freedom Project
##### 12/18/24

# Context 
Earlier on the entry 2, I talked about animations softwares and hardwares device that exists within our time period like Adobe, Drawing Tablet, Zoetrope and etc, which counts as part A. Which mainly focuses on animation that exists right now or is created in the past and still exists today. However, now instead of focusing on part A, we now shifts into part B. Part B mainly focuses on inventions that relate to the topic that we can possibly create for the future, and we have to brainstorm ideas that relate both to our topic and our invention. Below I'll discuss more about part B.
#### Part B;Researching and Brainstorming (First-Half)
Now for part B, we were told to post our idea for future invention that relates to our topic to our school communication website called [Slack](https://slack.com/). However, sadly I was absent on monday, which didn't give me a chance to post any ideas. However, I did go through my classmates ideas for future inventions that relate to their topic. But I wasn't just looking for "any" ideas, I was looking for topic ideas that relate to mine topic which was animation. And one of my classmate name Bekhruz did come up with 2 possible future invention that can be used for animation. One of them was EDA(Emotion-Driven Animation) basically, it's so in the future, whenever you create an animation or draw an animation, you can put your emotions and moods into those animation. So that they have different type of mood base on what their reaction is. So that they aren't just some plain moodiness looking animation like an robot. The next idea bekhruz mentioned was HDP(Holo-Directional Projection), its made so that the animation could look 3D holographic alike, so that when people walk around it, they can interact with the animation. 
#### Part B;Researching and Brainstorming (Final)
Now, all these points that Bekhruz made all really caught my attention because it kind of sparked an idea out of me. I kind of wanted to make an future invention that is related to animation but combined with the 2 ideas that bekhruz mentioned. And so I went out on a journey to do my researches. For the first search I type in "Emotional driven and 3D holographic invention for animation". There was not a lot of website that relate to this idea, but then there was one website that caught my attention named [Hypervsn](https://hypervsn.com/digital-avatar). When you click into the website, it shows you like an female 3D holographic animation person that is standing and is able to communicate through a certain device. At first glance it looks like this was the idea that could potentially work when you take the 2 idea bekhruz mentioned before, having both emotions and is able to interact with them. If you scroll a little bit down into the website section named "Features" it mentioned multiple like, able to communicate and recognize different languages, able to be interacble through different devices not just limited to one, and etc. The general main point everything looks so far great. BUT, I'm sure by now when you click on the website for the first time, next to the female 3D holographic animation avatar to the left, it said " Transform customer experience with digital avatar and ChatGPT's cutting edge integration", you may think to yourself "Nothing's wrong with that is there?". Yes..There is a problem among them, I don't want my future invention to be associated with any type of AI, since Ai isn't reliable in some cases and Ai is off-topic in our SEP class. Additionally it also seems, that this invention also exist. Therefore, this will not be my final idea for future invention for animation. However, this gives me another idea, this time I went on full working mode. But the catch is, this time I didn't get my final product from google, because I don't think google gives relevant prompts and even if it does most of the future invention will be exist already. Therefore I came up one on my own. I present it "RLASP". Which stands for Real Life into Animation Screen Projector. This future invention has the ability to turn your real life avatar of yourself into animated avatar. All you have to do is walk through the screen projector and let the device scan you and then it will mimic your real life avatar. This also has the feature of being interactable and having emotions. This invention does not operate base on AI like technologies, it operates base on human and the codes that run the invention. The fun part of this invention is that there is no cost fee for wanting to try this future invention out, and it will be available to everyone, but is stationed in limited countries. To also ensure you that, this scanning device when trying to mimic your real life avatar, does not scan for your personal information like, age, height, job and etc. So you have nothing to worry about. RLASP will be like an mirror of yourself where it will have a handsome or beautiful version of you that is animated!!. That's all about RLASP for now. Hope you stay tune for this future invention.
(Credits to Bekhruz in the 2027 Channel in HSTAT SEP 10 and to the [website mentioned](https://hypervsn.com/digital-avatar))
# Engineerin  Design Process (EDP)
Right now on the EDP process, I feel like we are somewhere in-between planning and creating the future invention. The reason is that as you can see, I planned and brainstormed for future invention that we can possibly create which I just spoke about in my last 2 sections. If you didn't read it I'll just give an brief summary, base on the ideas, from my classmate and from an website I came up with the future inventions called "RLASP", which when you walk through and scans your real life avatar it then transform that real life avatar into animated avatar, where you can interact with it and will have multiple emotions that is built in default. Moving on, I feel like once we move past part B we will be somewhere trying to create the future invention we brainstormed. But mainly as for now, we are still kind of focus around brainstorming and planning, but however once we move out of that stage we will be completely at the creating section fo EDP. Therefore that's why I'm saying that currently I'm somewhere in-between planning and creating but mostly planning for the time being,
# Skills Learned From Part B
### Brainstorming Idea's Base on Other People's Idea and Concept 
The skill of able to brainstorm idea's base on other people's idea and concept is important because, let's say you are in a tight situation where your boss ask you to brainstorm an invention that can help reduce pollution, and the time limit for that brainstorming is 24 hours, but you can't seem to think of any. What can you do? Get some inspiration and ideas from your partner and other people. *THIS DOES NOT MEAN COPYING OTHER PEOPLE'S IDEA* By getting inspiration and ideas from other people, you can build on even more to that idea that they enlisted. Just like how, I took inspriation from one of my classmate that relates to my topic of animation, and I kind of builded on towards my classmate's idea and then come up with an separation invention of my own. Since at first before I even wrote this blog when I was doing part B, I was legit empty headed, but then as soon as I look through other's people concept and idea, that quickly spark an fire within my head and made me think of an invention.
### Time Management 
Time Management is another one of the important skill I come across while doing part B of the Freedom Project. It's because when brainstorming for ideas on search engines like google, I don't want to mindlessly look through websites that aren't related to my topic or does not have any important information at all. For example, before I mentioned the google search I did which was Emotional driven and 3D holographic invention for animation, of course I did said I didn't want to spend my time looking at some boring website that aren't related to my topic or isn't that relevant. For example this [website about holographic walls](https://axiomholographics.com/devices/hologram-wall/) If you look through the website, it talks about invention for holographic wall, this might seems valid and relevant but this kind of only partial covers my search result, since even though its holographic, its based on walls, and i'm not focusing on walls. Im focusing on animation where it can have emotions and becoming 3D but not walls. Therefore if I were to technically spend my time on this website, I would be wasting my time. Therefore I only look for relevant website that fits towards my research topic like this [related website](https://hypervsn.com/digital-avatar). This time management section also kind of blends in within the website analysis skill, since analyzing important website is crucial to your research. 

###




[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
