# Entry 1:My destined topic...Animations..
##### 10/14/24
<h1>My purpose and motivation for choosing this specific topic.</h1>

Before I answer my purpose of why I decided to choose this topic and my motivates for it, you may be asking me like "You know there are tons of other options for you to choose from right? Ranging from arts, businesses, sports and so much more. Well it's just that those other options don't really interest me specifically. Alright, now that I'm ready, so why did I choose the topic of animation in the first place? Well it had all to circulate back to like a few years ago, I became really interested in animated shorts, and films, specifically as you may known it to today, as anime, which is very popular in Japan and outside of Japan. The way the studios would animate an character smoothly, and the way they depict the plot of the story, really pulls me in into animating. For example, animes like Demon Slayer and Fate series, are very popular due to their animations being top quality and putted into efforts. Thus why it pulls me in as an blackhole. While I research about articles for animations, I've come across [Why animations are important](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/understanding-why-animation-important-creativefrontiersinc) 
 by Linkedin and [6 reasons why people love animations](https://www.fudgeanimation.com/journal-category/insight) by Fudge. These articles sparkle more interest through for my passive for animations. And of course these article caught my eyes within an instant. Now my backup ideas aren't really that impressive, but it was designs and another one being AI but, dumb me not knowing that AI was only for exclusive tech's. The reason of why I choose design as my backup ideas, since I love the different design between character's model themselves in animation, and the clothes they wear. It really helps me determined what their personality is, their traits, their culture, and so many more. The idea of designing makes my mind expand, and makes me creative.
<h1> Engineering Design Process </h1>
Currently as of right now, I am in the first step of the Engineering Design Process. The main step of being first defining what the problem is actually is. A problem right now that I am hoping to solve and to define is, how to reduce the time an animator take to anime a certain character, object and turn it into a film/movies. That's because from my experience, anime in Japan doesn't just come out in an instant, new anime usually comes out about 3-4 months of production of animators animating, however with older ones, it can take up to an entire year. And once that anime comes out, it airs (episodes releasing) for about 3-4. Meaning it really is time consuming for animators, and I heard the work condition is really bad for the animators. Thus I eventually want to come up with an solution for them, so it's less time consuming for them.
  <h1>Skills</h1>
  Some skills that I learned so far from last year's experience in CSS class and throughout this blog includes: 
 <h3>Growth Mindset</h3>
 By having an growth mindset as an skill, I took my time to research, and learn the codes properly. And when I encounter any mistakes or codes I don't understand I first review my notes, then ask my peers, then last resort, I ask my teacher for help. Being patience is also a key for growth mindset, since whenever there is a code that doesn't make sense to me, my last resort is to calling the teacher over, but after I try the code for multiple time, it worked, I just had to be patience enough. This applies to my project because, remember patience is key, and not being afraid to asking someone for help helps you learn from your mistake, and my being positive is good for your health.
 <h3>Organization</h3>
 By having organization skill, it allows me to keep everything clean, and make every code and notes more easily to accessible, thus allowing me to save more time. Adding on to that organization helps me stay on task, since being messy can also distract you as a whole. Organization skill is also an key skill to this project since, there will be lot's of information and notes we have to take, and notes I need to research aboout.
 <h3>The future entry 2</h3>
 The next time I write an entry I hope I can learn even more skill and more problems I can define through the topic of animations.
 
   
   [Home](../README.md)

