# Entry 4: Tool For Freedom Project Aframe and How I Tinkered With It
##### 2/24/25
# Context On How I Decided On Aframe
<p>Well, well we are back again times past by face don't you think so? 2 months ago I was still getting ideas and inspiration for tools that can used for my topic of animation and now I finalized on the tool I decide to work with for my topic. Which is Aframes!! Surprising is it? Maybe not? I know for sure lots of my classmates are using Aframe in my class since its the most simplest one and the one that is most glazed(joking) by our teacher after all.. Well anyways just a bit of context before getting into the real content. I won't yap too much this time like entry 3. I don't know where I mentioned this before but our teacher had given us websites and tools that we can use for our topic on freedom project. However before you actually USE it. You must first tinker with it. What I mean is play around with it like testing it first. The list of tools were separated into 3 categories. It was separated into mild, spicy, EXTRA SPICY. The more spicy it is the more harder it is basically. And honestly there were lot's of tools to choose from. But there was something my teacher said that really made me being extra careful.</p>
<p> He said that "once you finalized and decide on the tool your using, you CANNOT change your tool mid-way during your project". Honestly this scared me but it give me like an warning because I have to be careful of what I choose and what I work with. And so I looked and looked. But before I actually decided on Aframe, we had to choose 3. And after careful examination. I picked Bulma, Aframe, and Skeleton. The list is from 1st to 3rd. You might be wondering how in the world did you pick Aframe as you finalized choice if you put Bulma first. Well you'll see... Okay so after this was done the next monday we came in we were to tinkered with basically all of the 3 choices we picked. The reason I choose Aframe over both Bulma and skeleton was. One Bulma focuses more on Css related stuff, like coloring, texting resizing which I don't think it'll be useful for my topic of animation since I need to actually create a model of my idea. The same goes with skeleton. Second, I did do some pre-tinkering for Aframe and I loved how you can change the objects size and width and create 3d models right in your IDE which is so simple. Now that you know the context let's move on how I actually tinkered with it.</p>

# Finally *Real* Tinkering
<p>Alright so, before I actually tinkered with Aframe, I actually had to look at the tutorial and the instructions on the <a href="https://aframe.io/docs/1.7.0/introduction/" >website of the Aframe first</a>. If you are seeing what I'm seeing right now, on the getting started section there is a bunch of code they want you to copy and paste into your .html file. Which I'm pretty sure you have in your repositories. By  now you should be in your .html file I assume. There should be a <html> at the top and at the second there should be a <body> tag. Under that body tag is where you will copy the code of the Aframe they provided you into. More specifically you want to only copy the part starting from <script src= all the way to </a-scene>. Now that you have pasted, its all done now!. You are ready to tinker with Aframe.</p>
  
 <p> Okay so for tinkering I wanted to start off with the basics first. The first stuff I could do on my Aframe is creating any shape you want! Yes you heard that right. Any shape that is possible! For example I went for <a-box> and </a-box>. This allowed me to create an box. Also if you want to view this and you're in your IDE, just type http-server but make sure you are in the right repo. The box that I created allows me to freely 360 and viewed it. If it doesn't show from directly you have to look down to see the shape. Now of course, you don't want to leave this box blanked. With nothing, so I decided to add some color. I wanted to make it blue so I just did <a-box color="blue"</a>, this made the box blue. Additionally you can also change both the width, and the height of the shape. Now try it with other shape. Like cylinder! Okay so that section mostly covered basic shape tinkering.</p>
   
  <p> Now from the youtube tutorial I watched, now we learn something about transformations. I don't exactly know how to explain this but it has something to do with changing the location of your object. For example position= "(x,y,z)",rotation= "(x,y,z)" and scale= "(x,y,z)". Now when I tinkered I only did the rotation part since I was a bit too lazy to do the positioning and the scaling. So underneath that box I just did before, I put rotation= "50,35,60". Now normally I would describe how and where this direction of my box is like rotating towards. But in this case I'll let you guess it. Last but not least, there is still like 9+ tutorial on youtube, but I'm only listing a few. The last one I'll be explaining is the texture. Now this is quite similar if not to putting an image into your website, but instead this time your putting into the box. You would do src= "(image)". I didn't had any good images I wanted to try putting on the box, but I got a general gist of this function, and I think it'll come handy if I'm trying to texture a certain thing.</p>

# Engineering Designing Process
For this entry and currently right now, I am on the process of creating the model for my topic of Animation. Last time, on entry 3 I said that I was still somewhere between both planning and creating. But right now I can for sure say I am on the process of creating. Since I tinkered with my tools, and I generally get an idea of what my tool is both able to provide and create. However I do not think by the next entry I do I will be on the next step of the engineering designing process. I will be more likely still on the creating process because it's not simple to create an 3d model from right out of your mind and just design it. So it takes quite a while. Actually now that I think about it, I take back what I said about being "for sure on the process of creating an model". Because if you really think about it to design a model to suit your animation topic it still requires planning. Like how you want certain part of your model to fit, and how you want to make sure that it actually can be used and its not just some random model with no consideration at all. So yea I think I'm still in between both planning and creating. But this time like actually in between both process. Last time, was more shifted towards the planning side.

# Skills
### Tinkering??
Okay, so uh I don't know if tinkering with my tools count as an actually skill. But if my teacher approves of this skill, then I guess it is a skill. Tinkering is a skill I learned for this entry because it made me learn how to use my tool, Aframe. I just happen to search up the definition of Tinkering and it states like "someone who repair and adjust something" I guess this relates to me tinkering with my tool Aframe because I'm trying to learn how it works and how I can use it to my advantage. It's like following an instruction book and then putting it into use. I think this skill will definitely come in handy if you are applying for a job that requires you to use multiple tools for your coding project. I would also like to add that this is also my first time tinkering with an certain tools. Yes last year in the coding class, technically I also tinkered with tools but its more with codes and moving blocks and stuff. But this time I actually tinkered with an real tool that can actually come handy for my project.
### Researching
Researching definitely is another one of the useful skill during this lessons, because without researching how can we possibly determine what tool we can use and what tool are designed that is best fitted for our topic? With researching we get to know more about a certain tool in this case. Without researching you're basically just scratching the surface. However with researching you're digging deeper and deeper for more knowledge and for more informations.


[Previous](entry03.md) | [Next](entry05.md)

[Home](../README.md)
