# Entry 5: More In-depth Tinkering for my tool Aframe Along With Code Snippets
##### 4/11/25

# Context Before Diving in
As you may already know, base on the last blog entry 4,(if you haven't read it yet [read entry 4 here](entry04.md)) I mentioned and talked about tinkering with my tool Aframe and why I choose Aframe as my tool for the whole Freedom Project. But one thing  I didn't do was talk in-depth about the tinkering. I only talk about the basics, to which in this blog 5 I want to really go in deeper with my tinkering, and some codes I tried out and evidences of me coding by providing code snippets and syntax. So let's now deep straight into the tinkering section.
# Tinkering In-depth with Aframe
# Engineering Designing Process
Base on the last blog 4, I said that I was still in-between the creating and the planning section. But I can confidently said that I'm offically moving out of the territory of the planning section into the creating section. Since planning, I associate that with like learning your tool since you need to watch video and make a plan for yourself of how you want to tinker with those tools. The reason why I'm saying I'm at the creating section is because right now, I tinkered with my tools Aframe to the point where I understand most of it's concept (Maybe except for some concept like NRM maps and etc). I think I can fully stand in the creating section if I watch alll the tutorial for Aframe in my playlist over the break. So currently, I am in the creating section of the engineering designing process, but only like 50% of the way of there, so expect the next blog to have fully 100% on the creating section.
# Skills
### Paying Attention To The Details Presented
I think the skill of paying attention to details, even to the smallest detail in code, is one of the greatest skill that you can have for an software engineer, because firstly you want to make sure the code you entered to your project or website is correct and secondly you want to mmake sure that the code runs smoothly. Which paying attention comes in key play. Because many coders tend to be clusmy with their code, and sometimes they put their code very fast without double checking and paying attention to each code. Sometimes they often end up putting the wrong set of code in the wrong place. Additioanlly, paying attention to small details can sometimes save your life (metaphorically). Like if you have an code project that is due soon, howeverr you try to speedrun that project and finish it in under 3 days. You might code very fast. Then you turn in that code project, but on the day the teacher checks the homework, and everything end up not working, and everying is not presentable and you end up getting a 0 for that project. But if you pay attention to every code (not saying <em>Every</em>) but some you can at least prevent some silly mistakes that are easy to make. 
### Identifying and Solving An Problem Presented
This skill is also important because, if you are an coder, you need the skill and ability to identify "what is the problem that is occuring for your code" and second "how you can solve that problem infront of you". Without those abilities, coders can't function proper. Like, for example let's say you have a reader, and that reader is given an test, and the test prompt is "identify what is the main idea of this text", and "what evidences can you use to support that this is the main idea of the text" and if the reader cannot identify the main idea among with the evidences then they fail. Think of identify and solving an problem this way. You also cannot be lacking in both areas. Meaning you cannot idenfiy an problem, but you cannot solve it, the same thing goes for the other way around. You cannot solve an problem without identifying the problem first. Both skills are important in this case, espeically to an coder, the abilities of coders to identify an problem then to solve an problem is what make coders extremely invested in their time. Meaning they need the patient and the time to identify an problem and solving one, since some code are so long to the point where it takes 1 hour just to solve one problem. All I'm saying is, without identifying the problem of an code, you can't solve it. And solving an problem, doesn't mean you identify the problem. So it's good to have both of those skills.
Text

[Previous](entry04.md) | [Next](entry06.md)

[Home](../README.md)
